Add per-service release support (#190)
openfun/warren: docs/contribute.md

Once your PR is approved, Warren maintainers will merge your changes into the main project.
Congratulations, you've successfully contributed to Warren! 🎉

## Releases

> The Warren project has multiple services maintained in a single Git repository (_aka_ a monorepo): each service has its own life cycle with its own releases.
> 
> We use Git tags to trigger CI builds of the Warren's artifacts (PyPI/NPM pachages and Docker images). To make a new release, depending on the service your are releasing, you need to apply the following Git tag pattern conventions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Warren project has multiple services maintained in a single Git repository (_aka_ a monorepo): each service has its own life cycle with its own releases.

We use Git tags to trigger CI builds of the Warren's artifacts (PyPI/NPM packages and Docker images). To make a new release, depending on the service you are releasing, you need to apply the following Git tag pattern conventions:
```

| Type         | Service      | Git tag pattern                      | Example             |
| ------------ | ------------ | ------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| Back-end     | API (core)   | `v[0-9]+.[0-9]+.[0-9]+-api`          | `v2.0.1-api`        |
|              | API (plugin) | `v[0-9]+.[0-9]+.[0-9]+-api-<plugin>` | `v0.6.22-api-video` |
|              | APP          | `v[0-9]+.[0-9]+.[0-9]+-app`          | `v1.3.6-app`        |
| Front-end    | core         | `v[0-9]+.[0-9]+.[0-9]+-ui`           | `v5.1.0-ui`         |
|              | plugin       | `v[0-9]+.[0-9]+.[0-9]+-ui-<plugin>`  | `v3.22.5-ui-video`  |
| Distribution | \*           | `v[0-9]+.[0-9]+.[0-9]`               | `v2.0.0`            |

!!! Note

>     A Warren **distribution** is considered as a "meta" package corresponding to a consistant combination of services releases that are known to work well together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A Warren **distribution** is considered as a "meta" package corresponding to a consistent combination of services releases that are known to work well together.
```

## Releases

The Warren project has multiple services maintained in a single Git repository (_aka_ a monorepo): each service has its own life cycle with its own releases.

We use Git tags to trigger CI builds of the Warren's artifacts (PyPI/NPM packages and Docker images). To make a new release, depending on the service you are releasing, you need to apply the following Git tag pattern conventions:

| Type         | Service      | Git tag pattern                      | Example             |
| ------------ | ------------ | ------------------------------------ | ------------------- |
| Back-end     | API (core)   | `v[0-9]+.[0-9]+.[0-9]+-api`          | `v2.0.1-api`        |
|              | API (plugin) | `v[0-9]+.[0-9]+.[0-9]+-api-<plugin>` | `v0.6.22-api-video` |
|              | APP          | `v[0-9]+.[0-9]+.[0-9]+-app`          | `v1.3.6-app`        |
| Front-end    | core         | `v[0-9]+.[0-9]+.[0-9]+-ui`           | `v5.1.0-ui`         |
|              | plugin       | `v[0-9]+.[0-9]+.[0-9]+-ui-<plugin>`  | `v3.22.5-ui-video`  |
| Distribution | \*           | `v[0-9]+.[0-9]+.[0-9]+`               | `v2.0.0`            |

> !!! Note

Reviewer 2: Could you add a short title to the Note ?
